Version 0.0.1

Though I don't know a lot of roguelikes with some depth in lore. I was searching in Tolkien and other mithology related to them. I just made a draft so until next week, I will finish it. The summary is: There are a triad of dwarves that somehow 'govern' them. Each of them has control over the major guilds of dwarves of the region. Two of them are blood brothers, and the third represents those who doesn't accept the terms, or have some kind of differences with the brothers. Dwarves in general are greedy and every opportunity to obtain wealth, they will fight for it. In one of expeditions made by the company of the second brother was to mine in mountain, the rumors says that in this mountain there are a lot of stones, and worth metals to extraction, so the second brother goes there to start the extration. However, in the same mountain, in the depths, there are a old kind of beings, dwellers of the shadow. The second brother by the influence of the his own greed and by the shadowers, convinced the third king of the dwarves that his own brother was ploting to kill him, in a attempt to gather his brother's guilds then kill the third king claiming he was a traitor, so he could take control over all the dwarves.


The idea is you will play as one of the  wingman of the first A, who was killed by the third king, brother of the second. You notice that after the expedition, the second brother changed his path to the madness, so you look for answers, since your king was killed.
